it's going on with all the cigars which
cigars those are not cigars those are
marijuana oh okay I figured might be
something like that it's marijuana on
the outside it's called a blunt that's
what the young uns call it it's know the
term blunt that looks like a look at me
of course you know it yeah I'm not as
schooled as you I'm not as cold as you
and the elicits even though that's not
it's not an illicit now speaking of
illicit we've got some meat-eater
bourbon some elk shank bourbon
yeah pears with it's a good name pears
us beavertail pears with you both of
those things thanks to you
elk shanks a great name for it because
that was like one of the rare foods like
if you talked to most hunters like said
have you ever had elk shank on Cebu Coe
they'd be like what most most hunters
have never eaten that no I've been and
it was revelatory to find out about it
and then it's the thing that I became I
started to proselytize you know I found
out about eating it because my brother
found out about eating it because he has
this old cookbook called the LL Bean
it's like the LL Bean wildgame cookbook
by guy named Angus first name Angus if I
remember right and he's got a shank like
he's got a shank recipe in his book for
antelope shank and so we started making
it that's a for anything about wild game
cooking the e4 I picked up on is that
you could you could have everything or
you could say like hey here's a recipe
for a white-tailed deer heart right and
someone be like but do you have one for
a mule deer heart if I explained this to
you before no well they're
interchangeable and that's deer that's
thing so obviously like when we did our
cookbook I tried really hard to steer
away from things that would be elk
recipes deer recipes and just take it
from a cut basis look is excellent but
have you messed around with any time
that's great
quite a few things from it it's really
great we got away from saying that like
here's an antelope recipe or whatever
because it's just like the cut is more
important such as all these ungulates
like horned and antlered game what it is
is more important than what it came from
so by putting elk shank on that bottle
I'm kind of like going against my own
advice but if I just put shank people
might not like you're talking about well
it could be lamb shank
but it's just a cool name we're gonna do
a limited run of those where we write
all kinds of weird stuff in there that
it pairs well with is it good just good
stuff yeah it's five years old we get a
taste yeah what's gonna get to get some
ice and some glass you know I took a
long I took a long break from breakin oh
how long I just slowed way down on it
when my kids were born started to be
born and then gradually me my wife have
gotten back into it gradually you know
if she link yeah working together yeah
right which is really crazy I know we
haven't tossed it Yanis took a year off
booze Wow for no just for like whatever
Yanis whatever Yanis I came here he had
some reason for it he had a birthday
once and took a month off then he had a
birthday and took a year off he's got
four months to go for the end of the
year and then he's gonna drink yeah but
he says his family I think his wife was
explaining to me there's a lot more
disposable income around the house now
she's like I have realized how much
booze and takes up yeah how much all
those fancy beers that what's fancy beer
dad's up there that's an interesting
thing yeah people don't think about that
when you run your tab at the end of the
week and then add that times four and
then at that times 12 that's real money
yeah and I know if you remember you
probably it's when you're younger where
like it was just it was an impossible
you'd have leftover booze in your house
you know cuz every just drank so much
right right right like now we're like
such grown-ups in our pantry we have
like a little liquor section right and
you have like all there's you know yeah
I have a wine fridge yeah but in the old
days you couldn't because you just drank
it and it's gone right you know yeah I
want to interview you I want to
interview you for a minute okay okay how
comfortable do you ever tell your
listeners about about the comedy stuff
you're working on or do you like to keep
a big secret
I tell them some things I don't like to
give up premises cheer sir you don't
like to give up premises I mean
punchlines all say like a subject
working on you do or don't give up
subjects well I want to gauge you about
a subject that we were texting about
about the yeah missionary yeah yeah yeah
I just don't understand this is good I
know that you will I like it I know that
you will have I'm knowing you and how
good you are at what you do I know
you'll have done it but don't understand
how you could have had a novel thought
about the missionary yes who got killed
just to refresh people's map desert
there's the island East Sentinel what's
right by my fish Shack there's an island
called Sentinel island really yeah no
one lives on I've been past it many
times and if you haven't been shot at
it's North Sentinel island goes north
sorry north central islands and my Shack
is East Sentinel North Sentinel out you
know better so you should tell people
what it is I want to go to your Shack a
little bit really yeah let's let's next
one instead of a hunting trip let's do a
fishing trip I would love to have enough
talent come out there we'll catch some
halibut so you weren't you're not
interested bringing your family yeah we
kind of take a family approach okay more
and more no well you could flip it over
you kids like flipping rocks and some of
the rock
my youngest loves fish loves it Rock
flippin she loves everything yeah she's
really big enough how young is the
youngest nine oh yeah perfect
but no I want to get like I just can't I
can't I've thought about and thought
about it and I can't think now that I
don't have faith in you I just can't
think of what the take would be yeah the
problem is if I explained it what the
take is it would fuck up the bit for
people that haven't seen the bit I'll
show it you night tonight I'm going
tonight I can't wait to go see but I
just wanted to explain off air I'll
explain off air okay yeah are you
feeling good about the bay yeah yeah
it's a fascinating subject you know the
guy commander Maurice of Adal Portman
you know who that guy is no mmm he was
the the pervert that traveled around
from island to island measuring guys and
taking weird photos oh yeah Roman
soldiers I read the I read a big piece
about this which actually sent to you to
see if you'd read it too yeah I read you
said you read everything about it yeah I
read quite a few things about it because
there was a guy on Twitter his name is
respectable
at respectable law and he posted a whole
series of things he he'd actually been
studying this case or this this place
before because of this pervert guy and
so when this man this missionary showed
up on that island he was murdered like
he knew all about the history of this
island so he made like a chain of posts
on Twitter which were really interesting
informative and then I started going
deep into it I've read the guy's
journals the journals were hilarious my
life the kid that got killed know the
guy the pervert the English the English
pervert in the 1800s probably wrecked
like that whole area for those people
because they had this idea of what white
men are and these people don't have a
written language and they they just have
stories so they probably still have
stories of these white men that come
carrying diseases and want to touch your
dick and measure them yeah so this is a
guy he was into that's one make sure I
remember this right he was in like skull
morphology but with sexual organs well
he was it's hard to tell what he was
into but it was it's so obviously
perverted like it's it seems like he was
doing sexual stuff with these people
trying to legitimize it by yeah I mean
like yeah just measuring them and and
and doing detailed descriptions of their
sex organs and know who's really into
that that seemed very important to him
and he sir he survived the island I
can't say I wish to go with my new uh my
new Laird Hamilton turmeric coffee or
the whiskey I'll mix it up back and
forth yeah it's really interesting it's
like it's like soup yes with the off
unit it's very good for you too
like I said that turmeric you know
people think of it as curry because it's
a great spice for food but it's a it's a
potent anti-inflammatory very very good
for you know it's good so I'll have to
wait and see what your take on today are
you I'm almost done interviewing you um
are you drawn to that are you drawn to
that idea
I certainly am which idea that you would
get that you'd go and hang out and spend
time with yes uncontacted people well
you've done it in what what part South
America were you out with well yeah
they're not on contact not seven not on
contact
but yes some tribes that like the CH
Amane and the Micucci and whopper Shan
are all tribes in northern South America
who have long long history of contact
and engagement with the outside world
but individuals who can still very much
like hanging out with individuals who
aren't that old who in their youth were
very much like living a hunter-gatherer
lifestyle with it with a mix of native
materials and also some Western
materials this is Guiana Guyana and
Bolivia people that you know people that
would still make their bows from native
materials people that grew up using
canoes that were made like hand you know
hand dog dugouts using plant toxins to
kill fish but also like you know also
other very modern stuff like one of
these guys that I really appreciate
hanging out with I mean the guys got an
email address but I might have told you
the story before he's got an email
address but he also told us about we
interviewed him on our show on our
podcast and and he's telling me about
how there peccaries their white lip
peccaries aren't around right now
because there's a shaman in another
village who's jealous of their village
for being so prosperous and has locked
their peccaries up inside of a mountain
and that they're training their own
shaman to free the peccaries from the
mountain and you can shoot this dude an
email so right explain a peccary to
people Oh people here are familiar with
the javelina yeah yeah a javelina is a
collared peccary and then there's a no
run in little troops of that you might
see anywhere from 1 to 13 or 14 white
lip Packers are a bit bigger and they'll
run in groups of 200 Wow
yeah they'll ravage like like these
these people have a somewhat agrarian
lifestyle they they
fish and also have farms scattered
throughout the the jungle and that was
coming in ravaged farms and groups of
you know like I said groups of 100-200 I
should be honest here and say I've never
laid eyes on a white lip pakery there's
a third peccary Chacoan orchha cohen
peccary that is much more rare than the
collared and white lipped ya picture
this Jamie there is the white little
buggers yeah those those suppose he
tastes a lot better than collared
peccaries 500 collared peccaries in in
West Texas and in Sonora Mexico are they
native to West Texas should someone
bring them in no no collared peccary
czar native okay like portions in New
Mexico Arizona and West Texas so they
look similar to has a javelina no it is
a javelina in the collared peccary of
the same damn they got you you'd
appreciate this because just knowing
your tastes they have a large breast
with a nipple on the top of their back
like what would be the neck of your ass
has a nipple
whoa that's their scent gland so it's an
actual nipple that someone nurses from
nope but just a scent gland
oh I'm sure your your trusty Jamie Jamie
yeah you'll find a picture
hey somehow related to pigs know people
like people like to think they are but
they're not Wow
oh there it is yep see that yeah how
valiant it's when you clean em you need
to cut that away because it really like
stinks to high heaven is it like a
Tarleton gland yeah I'm sort of a scent
gland very powerful smell and you
usually smell them well ahead of seeing
them and they're really um they're
they're pugnacious you know you can call
at them with a and mimic the sound of a
distressed young one and they come in
ready to kick your ass I saw that on
your show yeah and you and Remy went
boho they run it where Emmys got a lot
of experience messing around with these
things it's funny because they're pretty
popular like you know they're good to
eat but they're they're much more
popular south of the border Mexico it's
much more common
heavily no they'd make sausage out of
them and stuff yeah yeah they grind them
up make sausage on cook use various
things like you know I don't know
anybody maybe some ones out there that
like actually takes like a back strap
off of a javelina and throws it on the
grill but you generally do like
preparations with them we were you
cooking a fair bit yeah you'd have to
break down there got to be tough right
not they are you couldn't just grill one
you couldn't just grill one they're lean
you got to cook them down but you can
see how you can see what it'd be popular
the hook to me it's a pretty like it's a
nice little bundle like of meat right
and and I think that in some areas like
especially you know in Sonora and
elsewhere people aren't likely to like
turn their nose up at good protein
sources mmm there's one thing that's
like it's one thing it's like made for
bowhunting because I think that with
rifling and people do hunt with rifles
not shot with rifles but it's a it's
it's a little bit it can be kind of feel
like a little bit of a gimme hmm because
they're not you got to get very close to
them before they're concerned about your
presence mmm they're tough
they got toss you know they can kill
stuff and rip stuff and they have like a
they're almost you know you think of the
most like I would imagine of all the
creatures like a snapping turtle is
Least Concern with things that like a
snap which world doesn't care about
anything until it's within six inches of
its face and javelinas cut there's not
that exaggerated but kind of have this
like their world sort of seems to end at
60 yards but they don't care what's
going on outside of that buffer and so
so you can kind of creep up to them kind
of walk up to them when you see them did
they see bad are they like pigs but they
seem to have very poor eyesight they
seen that poor eyesight and having an
amazingly varied diet you know they'll
eat like I'm Eve you laid there long
enough they would come up and eat you
yeah ain't my friends dog oh yeah huh
well my friend's friend Doug Stanhope my
buddy he lives in he lives in Arizona
was he pretty tore up about it yeah well
they were you know they hate those
fucking things they they just piled
this dog ate the neighbor's dog and
apparently it's not too uncommon yeah it
happens flesh eaters yeah they'll fuck
up a dog they're weird
you know that's like one of the things
that yeah I think it points to a certain
amount of sociopathy that I have but
when I hear about someone losing a cat
or dog to wild creatures I don't like my
initial instinct isn't to be sad mmm I
see what you're saying you like well
that's part of the because you kind of
view you sort of I have this view that
yeah I have this view of that that sort
of like settlement and development v
Wildlife mm-hmm is a global problem
right and one always wins
like the destruction of wildlife habitat
always wins and then when you see it
when you see it play out like that in
some ways you kind of like hope like
Bryan Callen who you know yep recently
you know that kid got a um kid is like a
nine or ten year old girl got throwing
up in the air by bison yeah you see that
yeah and Yellowstone yeah and by no
means this cow hope to see someone you
know especially particularly child get
hurt
but he's like you know they still got it
[Laughter]
got within 15 yards of that thing yeah
ridiculous yeah I think I keep think
about making a shirt that says them
Yellowstone National Park habituating
wildlife since 1877 they do it is weird
I've only been once well I went once
when I was a kid but I went once
recently with my family and it was very
weird that you could take selfies with
elk yeah these big herds of elk are so
confident that people won't shoot them
when they're in like the public tourism
area that they just go and hang out near
the vending machine yes I'm getting a
Diet Coke and there's an elk like 30
yards away from me it's so strange
that's that's a little bit in line with
what that's a little bit light with what
I'm talking about
talk about like that when I hear
someone's dog got killed by a coyote
yeah well you know again man I know it
like like my brother has this little dog
he just loves and they're inseparable if
that dog got carried off by a great
horned owl in a healthy great horned owl
could carry this dog off it's like a
little shit and dog I would feel real
bad for him
so with that sad I do have this thing
where you kind of root and I do feel sad
when I see like in a place like
Yellowstone this is where it gets a
little bit weird when I see and wild
animals especially animals that people
hunt for when I see that they've lost
their fear of humans some people would
look and be like oh this is like what
naturally they should be like okay so
this is animals where they have had to
give up their human that were they've
lost their human fear because we've
given them this wild place
I see old-timey oh that's a good dude
you're fair not I'll call him he is a
good guy people see in in like
Yellowstone Park atmosphere you see
where wildlife becomes habituated to
humans and they feel like they're seeing
something more natural right because
outside of human hunting they often
don't have that feeling anymore I look
at that and I see that it's like um to
me it feels like something's been
subverted and something's wrong with
that situation yeah because it sort of
depends on how fresh your perspective is
because I mean people have been hunting
you know people have been hunting in
that area I mean at least 10,000 years
so then we take like a hundred year
break and the animals become very
accustomed to people it's it's shocking
how quickly they can get it back and
oftentimes those same elk that live like
the same elk that will spend their
summer in that Park will migrate out of
there and go into national forests and
on ranch land well then they'll be where
where they can be on it and they know
they cross that line so the same elk
some do could basically walk up and
touch their
we'll just something in his head
switches and he enters and they enter
into a new mind space when they leave
and they're still exposed to human
predation and if they wind you they'll
bolt
oh yeah it's it's it's shocking how it's
shocking degree to which they the degree
to which they can keep this together in
their heads and it's also pretty
surprising how quickly they adapt like I
would imagine if you were to open up
this would be a pretty controversial
idea about throw it out there let's say
you were to open up hunting in
Yellowstone National Park
I think that it would probably be less
than a year I think like a season of
fall hunting season would have them
right back into the same mindset that
all the other animals that live with
human predation their sort of attitude
toward people I think they very quickly
get it back it makes sense but yeah
people going up in petting stuff again
like referring to cow his idea is that
like people have gotten to where they
confuse national parks with amusement
parks and they feel that the animals are
like on Rails you know their entree yeah
if it is then it's like they're
programmed to do a certain thing but
also wow it's one thing that I've
discovered over the last seven years
thanks to you and thanks to you getting
me hunting is that most people have no
idea what it's like to be around actual
wildlife to sneak up to them must be you
have no idea about their sense of smell
like to see an animal wind you and then
just fucking bounce to see that and to
know that like you're dealing with some
superhuman ability some like impossible
to imagine with the confines of your own
biology what these animals can do and
when you're when you're out among
something there's no cell phone service
and there's it's just footprints and
trekking your way through mountains it's
amazing I mean it's it's not Yellowstone
what Yellowstone is and what anything
like that and zoos is the worst example
right but when we think of animals like
people always tell me like like cuz you
know I have a
his dog I've run with him on time and
he's on my Instagram it's like everybody
loves him he's the sweetest dog in the
world know that dog if you love dogs how
could you how could you hunt animals and
I'm like well then that's not he's not
an animal he's a dog he's a pet
he's a science project an animals of
wolf and animals deer that's an animal
what a dog is they don't survive outside
of us if you don't take care of them
they won't know what to do
they'll hope that the dog catcher comes
and gets them then somebody rescues them
they're not wild animals it's not and
has it almost has less to do with how
they're raised and more to do with their
ancestors like their their biology has
changed they've literally been bred to
something different they're fucking
science project do you see my dog he's
got floppy ears he's a sweetheart
everybody who meets him he drops to his
back he wants you to rub his belly he's
just a sweetest dog in the world that is
not a dog
I mean it's not an animal there's not an
animal like that that would ever exist
out in the wild cuz if he sees another
dog he's a clue well you're my friend
he's not like checking you see if the
things gonna steal his food or or robbed
him of his mates or your kill his babies
yeah he's a it's it's the result of a
20,000 or whatever your experimentation
with the domestication of an animal yeah
so most people they say they love
animals
they don't even fucking know any they
don't even know what they are they see
the caged animals at the zoo they see
the animals on a rope that they take to
the dog park they think they know what
an animal is they don't even have any
experience with it we've been so
domesticated and so isolated in cities
most people especially most people that
have opinions on this shit you know
people that live in rural areas I mean
you know that you live in Bozeman and
Bozeman is you know surrounded by these
areas that are just fucking completely
wild I mean if you're in Bozeman you can
drive an hour from your house and then
you're around bears and do an Eagles I
mean it's a completely wild place but
people that are in those areas people
around Boise Idaho for example they have
a totally different idea people in
Wyoming I have a totally different idea
of what wildlife is versus somebody who
lives in Santa Monica there's a video
that just somebody sent me today of a
guy in Thousand Oaks is on his Street
and he's filming a fucking enormous
mountain lion I mean it is huge it's a
big boy it's like 150 pounds and they're
in the car and they're looking at it
through the window and him and his son
it seems like her are filming this thing
going holy shit look at this thing is
right there in the street a big-ass cat
and he was saying that like somebody was
filmed somebody was feeding it
apparently and they're trying to figure
out what you want me saying to you I'll
send it to you but this you know that's
that's super rare I mean that's a real
wild animal it's super super Rael that
that anybody would have any kind of
experience with one of these things and
most people that are talking about
animals they just really don't know what
that even means they're just saying it
yeah I think there's developed up like a
pretty big cultural division between
people who a pretty big cultural
division between people who kind of like
live around and work around and deal
with animals and people who view them or
think of them as very other a friend of
mine who's a biologist this is all there
you go yeah
nope no I'm sending you another one I
sent it to you it's it's from Thousand
Oaks I just had to you know that's a
recent one too Oh buddy man who's the
biologist with the Forest Service guy
named Carl Malcolm he might have heard
on our our show he just sent me a paper
there was about kids attitudes to
wildlife and it was comparing rural
people's attitude and knowledge of
wildlife kids with urban and suburban
attitudes about wildlife and you can see
the input of media when you look at this
thing because people who live in a urban
or suburban environment when they tell
you the top-of-mind wildlife they know
about its non-native stuff like lions
yeah they're likely to know like what's
what's an animal right and an animal be
like to be like a giraffe right and and
people who
have a more rural or remote viewpoint
will be are much more likely to look
when they think of wild like to think of
things that they interact with mmm you
know and not like the things that are on
your mobile above your crib when you're
a little baby and it sort of points that
and also there's a slight tendency I got
to look at this more carefully but it's
a slight tendency to have negative
feelings or think things are dangerous
or bad the more urban you are in terms
of native wildlife to more recognize it
as like a negative or bad thing and what
they're pointing to is again I want to
look at this much more carefully and
pardon me to the authors authors if I
mess up I'll just looking at this
morning what they're pointing to is the
the the stirrings of there being a
greater acceptance of decreased
biodiversity hmm meaning that you're
kind of like okay with the bad things
having gone and we're focused on like
what are animals well animals would be
like a draft and hippopotamus and the
things that that Disney tells me about
not like opossums and raccoons which are
kind of gross hmm you know get that
video look at this fat boy play this
thing it's collar didn't it yeah it's
got a collar on it uh it's interesting I
could see that better there's a lot of
them out here that have collars we got a
photo that we just had commissioned and
she get here soon right yeah it's huge
of the the big cat that they
photographed near the Hollywood sign
yeah it looks like it's staged I mean
the cat is walking right by the trail
camera in the halls that do the sets of
those famous uh yeah there's a National
Geographic yes yeah yeah that's a good
picture yeah we got one printed on snap
that picture right there I mean come on
man that's crazy that is a goddamn crazy
picture it's a giant cat like who the
forearms on that motherfucker
well that saggy stomach but it bums me
out looking at that collar there was a
conversation that you had on your
podcast about shooting a deer that's
wearing a collar and I'm with you I'm
with you 100%
I don't want to shoot a deer that's
wearing a collar I don't
it's wild as fuck they caught it when I
was a baby and they just waited and
measured it and then let it go
and it didn't have a collar and I saw
that deer I wouldn't think twice about
shooting it but if I saw it and it was
wearing a collar I'm like I'm out nope
totally but there's a really funny thing
and you might have you probably caught
wind of this or know about this is that
it's a big deal yeah to shoot a duck
with a band on it everybody knows is
cool as shit like I know that everybody
wants to shoot a band
most people listen this don't know that
it's cool as shit if you get a band duck
why is that well it's a little bit
social science because long ago like we
used to not understand this can little
bit tricky to explain we used to not
understand how migrations worked because
everyone he only knew what they saw okay
and there wasn't someone who was sort of
like coalescing all of this information
people would know very well like you
know wherever you live along the
Mississippi River okay and you might
know very well that like in November
shitloads docks that you haven't seen
they have been here all year are coming
from the north and going to the south
and you knew that very well
you knew that ducks moved you knew that
they move through here but you didn't
put all of the you had no way to put all
the pieces together over time we wanted
to understand like animal migrations
better in one of the early this is way
pre collars like GPS collars and then
pit tags and shit
we started this banding system where you
could go and catch a duck and it's we're
in its nesting area there's like times a
year when it's really easy to catch
ducks one even catch them when they're
young and you can catch them when they
molt so people would go out and put a
band on a duck and you'd go you could go
up and in the Arctic or the Upper
Midwest anywhere and throw a band on a
baby duck and that band would have a
phone number on it and you were
encouraged to when you got a banded duck
it was like they made it be that it was
a good thing and you were encouraged to
call that 1-800 number or whatever the
hell they were before 100
and given the the band the band number
and then we started to really with like
great detail map out flyways how ducks
migrated like that the ducks in on the
Arctic slope and Alaska tend to follow
along this path and they tend to end up
here at this date there down and you
know whatever they're down in Texas all
of a sudden are they're down in Southern
California
and they're hanging out in rice fields
around Sacramento or whatever held is we
started to put together this whole
detailed picture and it was one of the
great achievements and wildlife biology
was what we learned from the duck
banding system so I think that over time
it began like I said it was sort of like
social engineering where people were
taught to think it was cool and you
would wear and a band you would if you
had a lanyard you keep your duck calls
on this still goes on if you got a
lanyard every duck calls on any banded
bird you get you put that band on your
lanyard I even met these knuckleheads
from North Dakota who have a lot of
bands on their lanyards from banded
Birds they've shot and you bet I do
that's a lot of bands he goes yeah not
one of them's reported mm-hmm
they think that it that it remains more
pure to do it I don't know that's the
dumbest shit ever it's the dumbest shit
I wish you guys did like why would
anybody want to contribute to oh I don't
know you'd have to have like a calling
component to your show and we would call
one of these dudes and have an explained
in greater detail I remember thinking
like that's the most that that's the
most fucked up thing I've ever heard but
yeah I'm think you'd want to talk to
that guy it was like he's like yeah
they're all unreported anyways I don't
know if it's like an anti-science but
you love to argue did you talk to that
guy about this you know it was long ago
I could take where I was standing I was
in my brother's kitchen - Miles City
Montana beneath this crazy chandelier he
bought online and I remember everything
about it I don't remember when I if I
challenged him on the sense of being
proud of having not contributed to our
scientific understanding of waterfowl
migrations and why maybe it looked like
a sort of anti-government sentiment like
some black helicopter stuff
okay regardless yeah it's a malicious
shit it's cool to have bans and I have
like in my sort of I have like a box
where I put important stuff to me but
imagine if you had a box of deer collars
dude there's no way if eyes
I wouldn't put into your cock that's
what I'm getting as like those are cool
but collars are not and we had a friend
there's a there's a friend of mine who's
a she's a does a lot of carnivore
research and other research projects
named Carmen van Bianchi which is a cool
name but she says that you know I'm
someone that collars animals and I even
think that she's like when you get one
with a collar on it she said it was
quote I we talk with us here today or
she's like someone has already got the
best of them that they become tainted
when they've been held by someone else
and that's a little bit how I view it
we're like a wild animal you want to
imagine it being like the wildest wild
animal and once it has a collar it's
like someone it's it's all sloppy
seconds man yeah
well isn't that why the allure of Alaska
is so interesting because it's one of
the rare places where like if you run
into a caribou in Alaska there's a high
probability that never encountered a
person never it doesn't even know what
you are like you've seen videos of
hunters walking towards caribou with
like their bow on their head you know
and the caribou is like what and the
fuck is this you don't even know they
think that bow is a rack their
assumption in areas where I've been
particularly like look up on the Arctic
slope know if that troops have seen a
lot in the mountain ranges - in
south-central Alaska when they see your
movement their assumption is that you're
a caribou that's like that scene I can't
you can't get in their head but their
assumption is that like oh I better go
check it out and then I'll circle
downwind to make sure it's not a make
sure it's not a grizzly or a wolf or
whatever but they're like you know uh
something the weighs a few hundred
pounds couple hundred pounds whatever
walking around probably a caribou and
it's like come on over they come to you
until they can rule it out but they're
good garius they want to find each other
and it that sort of thing like winds up
and giving you a little bit of a sense
of uh it makes you feel a little bit bad
for them right that they're not tuned in
like a mule deer is yeah and then you
realize this is like living like that I
mean these things are these things that
could migrate you know they migrate
hundreds hundreds of miles have Hulan
into access tyria yeah
axis deer in Hawaii is the most perverse
strange but necessary hunting that I've
ever experienced yeah you know what and
they don't have net like on Hawaii
they're not deal with natural predators
zero it's just it's all they're just
like they're just very in tuned to like
their predator being people yeah I
imagine that they probably care the same
way that we carry with us and a sort of
natural abhorrence of snakes you know a
natural abhorrent of spiders I would
imagine that they come from a that you
probably know a little bit better Meeks
you spent more time with axes deer they
probably come from a very predator rich
environment I'm guessing Oh originally
yeah and lately and carry with them a
real high strong sense from having dealt
with like very efficient predators
Tigers you know yeah they evolved to get
away from Tigers like they got to be
high strong there are the fastest things
I've ever seen in my life I have videos
of one where I shot at this one from 55
yards 15 yards away he sees the arrow
coming 15 yards away from him and he's
like dogs ooh it's crazy it's like they
kind of understand that things coming
towards them kill them yeah because they
are hunted 365 days a year because they
have to they're so overrun there's some
somewhere in the neighborhood of 20 to
30 thousand deer on this one island with
3,000 people and you you've never seen
herds like this before it's crazy I want
to bring you it wasn't that when I
hunted them years ago and I remember
that the area I had been had been hunted
very very heavily did they come they
come doles or Heinz Heinz it had been
hunted very heavily stags and my god was
the from my from my very limited
perspective from
a small set of experiences that happen
over a couple days it seemed like the
pressure on the males had been
extraordinary where it seemed like you
would see a hundred Hinds per stag know
if that's common there or not no it's
not it's um I remember you like that
very surprised by that it's almost 50/50
when you go to these areas that are you
know in lanai and apparently the same
thing with maui they're everywhere
there's so many of them Maui has a real
eradication sort of program underway
which is controversial right very
controversial but they're also selling
it there's they're selling venison
sticks and venison jerky and there
there's companies that are establishing
these they're establishing these
conservation efforts where they're going
out and they're shooting X amount per
year like 6,000 per year which is like
doesn't he put a dent on yeah is the
goal of radication or is the goal just
the limit limit them but they
eradicating them from the Big Island
somebody had put them on the Big Island
somebody had taking them from one of the
other islands and put him on the big
island and they had spent millions of
dollars to eradicate them
forgive me stop me if we spoke about
this before but there's a kind of an
interesting perspective that someone
gave to me about Hawaii where we have
this list you know Hawaii just dominated
by non-natives okay I might be wrong
about somebody's been I don't think I am
breadfruit coconut all these like all
the major fruiting trees are non-native
and so much of the wildlife is not
native I mean they have like like
surprising shit they have wild turkeys
there's wild cattle pigs axis deer like
just like blackbuck antelope running
around wild horses chuckers pheasants
just they hunt horses yeah yeah I was
talking to a guy one time that snares
cattle I don't know if he does it
illegally or not but he snares cattle my
mom's I guess over caught you know
technically he'd be my stepfather but
feels funny my mom my stepfather my
mom's husband who she married after my
dad passed away he grew up snare and
white
dear with garage door cable but they
said they were like they were farmers
and ate us eight and that was sort of
his relationship was dear setting snares
setting garage cable snares yeah and
just using that as a source of they're
just hungry you know poor but anyways in
Hawaii right
those were count those Islands were
colonized by humans like eleven hundred
years ago and those in some but now we
have like Native Hawaiians or Hawaiians
right and I've spoke with some Native
Hawaiians who feel that there's this
uneasy relationship between what we're
regarding and describing is non native
wildlife even down to pigs even though
that their ancestors you know eleven
hundred years ago brought the pig to the
island and someone expressed me very
simply he's like how can I be Hawaiian
like I'm native one I damn sure am
Hawaiian why is the thing that I hunt
regarded as a non-native and needs to be
eradicated he's like if we really want
to talk about non natives I feel like
that would be you right yeah and he was
like and he was kind of pissed about
this this attitude towards because these
are guys that like to hunt need a lot of
wild game about this attitude to access
to here and this attitude to pigs and
you hear the same thing out of Australia
you're the same thing out of New Zealand
which is guys who have this this
difficult relationship with the things
that they've come to hunt and the things
have sort of been culturally accepted
culturally accepted as as wildlife right
where people you know I don't want to
use I don't want to use
environmentalists here in a way that
makes it be that the the hunters aren't
necessarily environmentalist but in ways
where some people with what they would
describe as an environmental agenda
wanna see species eradicated the people
have been interacting with 400 years in
some cases like like in Hawaii in some
cases perhaps a thousand years they've
been interacting with it on the
landscape but then someone wants to come
and say we want to get rid of it it's
not native and it causes like
ton of tension where it creates a potato
we're weird situation for people in in
some of these places is that hunters
have long justified their actions to the
public as being that we're controlling
right we're like controlling non-natives
so we're doing a good thing but then
someone says like you know I got in that
better idea let's just kill all of them
and then the hunter is like whoa we know
they did that off I don't mean like that
there's an island off the California
coast it was filled with elk and deer
what was it called
I don't forget see if you find it isn't
they Braddock ated all of them think
they just machine-gun them you know just
helicopters and just eradicated all of
them are you familiar with the practice
in those cases where they have a Judas
animal yes that's a great article about
or a podcast about that from Radio lab
hmm when they kept sending this Judas
goat Toit the Galapagos and he'd find
the other goes and like they'd got them
all down as Judas going where are my
friends far can just keep keep wandering
off and you know he's sterile so he
can't breathe go there and he'd go to
find these other goats and they'd follow
the caller the GPS on the caller and
find the new group of goats and they'd
gun them down to that would begin to
wear on a human we had a meeting with
our kids okay we had a meeting with our
kids Oh Santa Rosa Island yeah
so Santa Rosa Island dude I was just I
was there not long ago it used to be
filled with elk and deer and people had
sort of set it up Santa Rosa Island elk
they had set it up Pro hunters hit Santa
Rosa Island I mean in that case I would
use professional not pro murderers deer
murderers and this is in 2011 so as an
earlier fairly recent thing where they
eradicated all these animals yeah I was
I just not long ago fished off there
it's supposed to be amazing fishing the
Catalina
apparently is like the greatest mako
shark fishing in the world which is it
here's a weird one shark fishing all of
a sudden you're an asshole it used to be
with jaws like you caught a shark hey
good get that fucking thing out of here
they're gonna kill people yeah now it's
like you monster shark's fin soup
care about that don't you know there's
global warming like everything is
conflated it's all like piled on
together like you what are you doing
with a shark you used to be able to buy
mako shark in a restaurant oh you still
see it but there is it there is I saw
thresher shark deer day on a menu I did
a story I did a magazine story about
this long long ago it was like it was
Rome and I got out of school night it
was like first like assignment I had to
go write an article and I was ready for
outside magazine and um this is 19 years
ago man and there was a thing called
Mako madness and it was this thing in
Montauk it was funny about doing this
this is in 2000 and I got sent out there
and had never ever been in New York I
didn't even go into the city I just flew
into wherever the hell I flew into and
got a car and stupidly took a cab to I
didn't understand the I was very young I
don't understand I took a cab from like
the airport out to Montauk oh my god
yeah how much that cost and I remember I
remember like when I had to turn my
expenses people like home what no but I
just like I didn't know but anyway it
was funny because I I remember driving
along and seeing the is like the summer
before and seeing this was like a year
before and seeing the Twin Towers you
know it was like my first ever view and
I never saw that place again I never saw
it again till after but is this thing
called Mako madness it was like a shark
tournament and traditionally had been
like a contest to get the biggest shark
and they would bet money on it and there
was like the general registration fee so
all these captains who had charter boats
would join Mako madness notebook clients
on their boats for Mako madness and when
you had to you had to pay some amount of
money to this probably still goes on
you had to pay some amount of money to
register your boat to be in the contest
but the real money was in all these side
bets called Calcutta's and so you could
there was enough side betting going on
around all the various captains that the
biggest mako
could win hundred thousand a couple
hundred thousand dollars well catch the
biggest mako but the sort of the fatal
flaw in this tournament from a public
perception standpoint would be that
there was a category for just biggest
shark and there's a category for like
biggest Mako so people going out like at
a time this is one at this is when shark
populations are still you know and
globally they're still on a decline but
there was still a lot of shark bycatch
from swordfish long lining and other
things and there was people were getting
very worried about shark stocks and
shark numbers and at one time Mako
madness there's a lot more Makos that
people be register Makos but there had
been some years where Mako madness had
no Makos people were bringing in a mako
so everyone would go out and just they
make damn sure that like I don't want to
come back empty so they would catch a
blue shark cuz if no one caught a mako
you still might get biggest shark from
catching a blue shark and at the end of
this thing man they had dumpsters they
were not don't they had they would fill
a dumpster with blue sharks and no one
with you dude it would know it would go
into a dumps but you can eat blue shark
yeah well you can they're high in urea
and just you know it's like everything
else like yes you can so Mako is the
most edible mako thresher
can you eat a great white you know
what's funny about great whites is
there's a guy is a writer I love and he
does all these fisheries guidebooks
named Vic Donnell and like he's dead or
live but I got all of his books he's got
like Gulf Coast Pacific Ocean Lanta
coast he does these books like it's like
all the fish that you're likely to catch
kind of like how to catch him and he
what I like about he's got like a crowd
quality section and his food quality
sections are really funny and like the
highest praise he can give some like
excellent or one of the best right so do
you look up snook it'll be like one of
the best his headline for great I lurked
in great white shark it says don't even
ask but people feel that they'd be good
because salmon shark good these come
poor beagles like salmon shark have a
very good reputation and Makos have a
good reputation and threshers have
market value and there's other sharks
and other areas they have market value
but those ones are like our ones that
are popular table fare the assumption is
the white that great white sharks would
probably be good it must be somebody's
eaten one oh I'm sure there's plenty of
people who do beating them but at this
Mako madness thing I can't
remember the point I was getting at what
the hell is that driving at but time I
make oh madness Oh
in this article I got into like the
history of where like shark hunting and
killing sharks came from is you're
familiar with Jaws right well sort of
the shark fishermen character and jaws
is based on this like very real dude
Frank Mundus and Frank Mundus used to
fish out of Montauk and at a time
Montauk was this premier destination for
catching swordfish and big bluefin tuna
and as those big pelagic fisheries had
collapse from overfishing in the 70s
Frank Mundus he'd go out and he'd just
go out and find a you know he'd go out
famously he would go out and find a
beached whale or not a beached whale but
a floating dead whale and he'd anchor up
on that whale and catch big ass great
whites and then come in and hang the
bloody carcass up on the docks and he
made necklaces with toothed sharks and
shit and he became like the monster man
or something of the Monster Hunter and
started booking all these crazy trips
where tourists to come to like holy shit
I want to go kill a big monster and he's
credited with having created this like
culture of like going out and getting
yeah I said him that's that's Frank
Mundus I see a picture of her left dude
so yeah he kind of like built this idea
of like shark haunting and Bush in a
shark bite in his forearm going back to
that interesting forum ah something took
a bite out of that motherfucker
yes he's got the necklace yeah the dead
shark and Frank Mundus kind of like like
spawned this sort of thing where you'd
want to go out and catch a big shark and
hang it up and then throw in a dumpster
Wow and people look at like when people
look at that history they look at it
being is like it's like in some ways
Mundus and shark hunting was symptomatic
of declining fisheries look at that
picture of him and the dude with from
the movie they're so similar look at
that the black and white in the color
next to each other look at that oh yeah
was that guy's name the guy in the movie
can't remember who's the actor's name
that guy was fucking awesome what a
great scene you know Moe Fallon yeah
that's still his favorite movie I think
it's great
pretty love job it's not you're saying
that the next time you see them have
them convince you the jaws of the
greatest movie ever great movie it's a
great movie Richard Dreyfuss and come on
the narrative of shark's fin soup and
sharks being you know something that we
need to protect that sort of it's a new
thing so you only existed over the last
decade or so I think so yeah it used to
be if you caught a shark like good for
you you keeping it from killing someone
who's swimming as someone who's surfing
the the idea of shark's fin soup and in
its lure was driven whole new one-time
warrior and Berkeley and we are at a
boat launch we come off fishing and
we've been out fishing for leopard
sharks remember are the life aquatic mmm
that's a good movie you like his stuff
or no Bill Murray love him no I mean
like the director Anderson what Oh what
has he done besides that fucking uh
world Tenenbaums okay yeah like that
yeah yeah I think it's masterpieces life
aquatic but uh in there they got you
know that the famous shark and there's
the Jaguar shark which is a good idea
for a shark I don't like it exists but
there are leopard sharks and we're
fishing for leopard sharks we came back
to the boat launch and there's a
dumpster there and every cleans our fish
and fills the fish guts and the dumpster
I remember there was a gentleman digging
through the dumpster getting out leopard
shark fins and and heads and stuff and I
took pity on him I thought that he was
acting out of some sort of desperation
and I said hey man do you want like a
nice fillet I'd be happy to give you a
fillet he's like no just why just the
fins just to make soup yeah yeah have
you ever had it no I've had it
shark fin soup yeah did you enjoy it it
was weird it was weird
it was like it's okay it's definitely
not worth eradicating a fucking entire
species for no it's a little disgusting
it's a little disgusting
and I'm always reluctant like I'm always
reluctant to yeah I'm a little bit
reluctant to sort of
oversimplify things around around
harvest and animals and stuff because uh
I think people can take it too far but
if you've seen footage of people cutting
fins I'm dumping the sharks in the water
and kicking the sharks off the deck into
the water dark and I think it but it
speaks to something I think that seeing
like live finless sharks going into the
water speaks to something about just
your level of care do you know me like
whether you view something as as sacred
yeah or not it's hard to see that the
individual engaging and that is viewing
it as as sacred and there's like ah you
know there's a lot of stories about even
like swordfish captains you know burning
blue sharks and stuff an effigy because
they lose so much their swordfish catch
the blue sharks but to see people
kicking them off it speaks to something
about animal suffering it speaks
something about like what is that
person's view of the resource like -
what - how do they respect it but it
also speaks like a general thing where
you don't see things wasted yeah and my
mother saying about like one of the
things that slowed in US waters one of
the things that slowed thinning was just
used to be able to go out and you could
fill your hold full of just shark parts
if you were a fishing cap then you could
just be like ah it's gonna keep the fins
and eventually they made it I'm sure
something will correct me if I'm wrong
here I don't think I am they eventually
made it that whatever you have for shark
materials in your boat on a commercial
operation only a certain percentage can
be comprised of fins and since when
you're on a commercial vessel you're
hold like your area where you keep iced
fish is finite it's limited it want to
be not worth it because it let's say
only like 30 percent of your shark parts
could be shark fins and you had to keep
the rest it wasn't worth it to fill your
hold full like shark meat and so it sort
of de incentivized people to go out and
fin in US waters mmm that makes sense
I had it a long time ago I had it back
in probably the 90s at a Chinese
restaurant in the US or overseas yes
pretty sure pretty sure was yes
I don't think I've ever traveled
overseas in the 1990s I barely remember
it how old we knew first one overseas
overseas sounds like yeah like old
sailors I'm trying to I think I was in
my 30s so Canada doesn't count as
overseas no you could walk there nor
because of like the darin you know gap
in Central America like when you go to
Argentina is it overseas it can be video
you come from Florida dead nuts over
Central America did you go overseas it
seems like it's kind of overseas yeah
seems like a bad term but you didn't you
didn't have occasion to travel a lot
no you're young well I traveled a lot
from fighting and then all around the
country when I was young and then I
traveled a lot for comedy inside the
country the same thing so there was a
lot of traveling but like traveling to
another country was like what am i doing
good going over there farm oh really
yeah it's just more more travel yeah you
know that's the it took me a while to
get used to the idea of traveling for a
vacation but when you know the idea of
vacations like going on vacation
somewhere in Europe it would get the
fuck out of here I'm not traveling for
fun I don't like traveling I want to sit
sit still
yeah I got ever get a vacation I just
want to stay put then I realize I you
just swallow it just deal with the
flight and the next thing you know
you're in this really cool place
it took a while for me to sort of adjust
my my view on that yeah look you have a
hard time taking leisure I used to I
used to have a hard time taking leisure
now I look at it like like sleep like
you need sleep and I think you need
leisure and I think particularly for a
creative person for person who writes
and comes up with things you need
downtime like I just had a buddy of mine
we were having this conversation about
that we were saying that he feels like
he's just working too much he's doing
too much comedy he's not taking in
enough just putting too much out not
taking it enough yeah man that's a
pretty good point yeah you have to it's
almost like you have to think of it as a
diet like what is your mental diet you
know your physical diet is obviously
very important if you're an athlete but
if
your creative person you have to have an
awareness of your mental diet if you're
just taking in sugar all the time just
nonsense junk food and bullshit like
your your brain is filled with
uninteresting uninspiring thoughts and
you know the same sort of typical
narrative over and over and over again
whereas if you can figure out a way to
go to Thailand or something like that
you go well these people who live in a
totally different life this is a totally
different way to live and it's just even
if it's ever so slightly it broadens
your perspective I can only really relax
when there's nothing I could possibly be
doing mmm and my kids aren't fighting
house land I had to do this insurance
policy thing I've told this story a
thousand times but I haven't told you
I'd do this insurance policy thing and
and uh I like lay on my couch does this
dude this dude comes over my house to
take my heart rate and do a bunch of
health tests
anyways I'm laying on my couch he's got
this monitor hooked up to me he's got to
do it for a long time
I came over how many minutes but it's
like a long it's not like going to the
doctor for a check-up or they just like
take your pulse for a minute like he's
really like checking your shit out and I
can hear my kids now and then like a
little fight flare up upstairs
mmm and I asked the dude I'm like can
you see that because all I could see
that I mean hearing it me hearing that
like now your heart but my brother
brother Matt who's who's a very
thoughtful somewhat eccentric person
he's now says that he needs he's gonna
sleep nine hours a night which seems
like an extravagance but he's like done
the math on it and he says if you're
gonna measure me in terms of
productivity I'll actually do more on
nine then let's say six and you give me
all those extra hours but those extra
hours aren't as productive anyways I had
a podcast with a guy named dr. Matthew
Walker who's his sleep expert written
books on sleeping and he talks about the
vast amount of Americans that are under
ested and and what an impact it has on
your hormonal production on your body's
ability to recover
on your happiness and your your body's
ability to produce endorphins and all
these different variables that are
extremely important to happiness and to
productivity and he's like the vast
majority of people are fucking
themselves over vast majority in great
ways increases the possibility of
dementia and Alzheimer's and all these
different factors if you go you look at
guys like like Ronald Reagan like
famously slept like four hours a night
yeah got fucking Alzheimer's
like it's it's really common with people
that have a very small amount of sleep
and they take pride in the fact they're
always pushing the needle those people
eventually the the fucking the bearings
start going yeah yeah do you take
caution to sleep I sleep a lot I get
good sleep I'm very lucky one of the
things about because I exercise so much
is that I'm always tired yeah like when
when I hit the hay at night and I get
home from the comedy store
I fucking crash I go down hard I get a
good solid eight hours sleep almost
every night
that's good we're not when I'm in a
groove of like like being careful about
taking care of myself and and uh yeah
doing like a lot of regular exercise how
much your appetite for mood and your
appetite for sleep the appetite for meat
that's the big point increases great
well my wife started lifting weights and
one of the first things she said it's
like god damn I want meat like all the
time she's doing squats and shit she's
got this crazy Russian lady who's her
trainer so the lady the fucking Savage
and they're just doing all these crazy
squats box jumps and that kind of shit
and she's like that Russian in the Rocky
movie I do was on what's the call over
the people go to like the clubhouse and
roll rocks and shit oh like CrossFit
yeah that dude was on to cross oh yeah
man he's trainer in Russia machines in
Rocky that I have out there the fuckin
versa climber the first that found out
about versa climbers watching that Rocky
movie thing he's working hard that
fuckin verse two climbers I'm but that's
a bitch man you ever do that thing no
I'd like to do you do 30-second Sprint's
on this
legs and arms yeah you're just pedaling
and it's like you're climbing and you
can increase the resistance for
grappling there's nothing like it it's
not true everybody hates it though but
most people they'll gravitate towards
the treadmill the elliptical machine
your other thing they look at that thing
I know the X is not fun you don't get
long yeah you don't get lost in it it's
horrible alright but it's amazing when
you refer to like how you fill your head
up like what you fill your head up if
it's just like junk and sugar and how
much time you have to process stuff one
of the things I've noticed and it's kind
of started it's begun to startle me a
little bit is I used to find in social
situations that I would be very
interested in letting people know what I
thought about stuff mmm
Bieber shit I had no business talking
about and I think that you see people
like when you see like someone who's
older and we have this idea that like
old older wiser person and they're just
taking in everything and they've learned
to be quiet
yeah people don't really think about the
fact that maybe they're just like sick
of hearing themselves talk that - do you
know the saddest thing is those an old
moron hey I want to say yeah by me I
think I you need to explain like it's
old racist Oh an old dummy the old
person who has like ridiculous archaic
views of women or ridiculous
archaic views of society and culture and
immigration and all these different
things like a person without nuance an
old person who's not learned from the
humbling experiences of life and has not
looked at himself in his own folly and
and has a humorous take on it
description and you paint a flattering
portrait yeah man I think about it a lot
I don't want to be that guy yeah I
encountered a dude like that not long
ago where we decided that we're gonna
take our kids like we're gonna take our
kids out to eat and I don't want to have
to deal with any kind of like added
noise and I was trying to I wanted to go
into there's like this like truck that
sells tacos it's called like El Oro day
or something let's go to that taco truck
and eat cuz I'm not talking about in
deal with anybody
my wife convinced me to go to this
Pub so we go down the group I'm kind of
like in the I'm already pissed off
because I'm like kind of half mad at my
wife for making us be in a potentially
social situation and I'm sitting hearing
this old man walks past me on his way
out of the restaurant and he's got a do
not resuscitate bracelet mmm okay he's
like he's got a little walk you know
those four pegged canes he's got a four
pegged cane it's probably nickname for
that and do-not-resuscitate bracelet and
he walks out what his wife girlfriend
whatever and she wanders off and he's
just standing outside the restaurant and
it's just killing me to know what that's
all about
so I grab my older boy and we walk out
and I'm like you know I couldn't help
but notice you have a bracelet says do
not resuscitate what's that all about
you know and I said do you just feel
that if it's your time it's your time
and you should and you don't want modern
shit - like interfere and sort of what
you imagined to be like the way things
go and he explains to me is like no I go
see things like he's pissed he's already
pissed
he was probably pissed before I talk to
him he's like I don't want an oxygen I
don't want CPR I want nothing and he
goes because I was having a heart attack
and they resuscitated me and broke two
of my ribs therefore I don't want to be
resuscitated
I remember thinking like but but you
were having a heart attack
like the trade-off seems minor yeah but
just like he was he was so kind of just
pissed that they broke his ribs that he
couldn't even see I'm like another way
of looking at it would be that they
saved your life but he said he just
wanted to suffer his heart attack with
ribs intact and at this point would just
rather die than have broken ribs that's
there or something like I don't know I
couldn't even begin and almost that I
thought he was interesting also that I
didn't think he was interesting anymore
such an unfortunate perspective because
if he said it's not a great story but
you said I'm saying no it is a great
story because it's like if he if he said
hey I had a good time
it's you know there's only enough room
for so many people that's what I thought
I was gonna get you know that's what I
thought I was gonna get in forward to
meeting Jesus yeah I thought I was gonna
get that so much so that I brought my
boy with me oh boy
because when I was looking at my dad
would go out of his way to have weird
people over to the house yeah I he it
was important to him to expose his kids
the weirdos so I was like come on son
we're gonna talk to this crazy old man
with the do-not-resuscitate braceland
you like learn something about life my
cell might not never mind never forget
that guy trade-off of broken ribs for
life
broken ribs takes like a couple of
months and you're fine yeah you might be
like dude you're at a brewpub with your
girlfriend she's going to get the car
you don't want to continue this fuck
like you just suffer for a little bit
one of the things about growing up with
martial arts is you're always injured so
you don't look at injuries the way some
people look at injuries you look at
injuries like gotta go get this fish you
gotta get it fixed
I've had both my knees reconstructed
I've had a bunch of she might have his
reconstructed I've got a bunch of shit
fixed you just get it fixed
it's like I fucking tore this thing I'm
gonna go get it fixed I don't view it
that way
Yanis had meniscus surgery Yanis
patellas had meniscus surgery on his
knee and what's crazy yo y'all had
something to say about this this is kind
of your in your world a little bit
I developed an e a k-- that I had four
months left of him no I don't know well
now I don't know pregnancy weight gain
at the time I would have told you no
after this at the time I would have told
you that my knee absolutely hurt mm-hmm
and my knee hurt and the pain drifted
around and it hurt all the time and I
was acutely aware of the pain in my knee
hmm and I had it built up and then I had
made the mistake of having like a
passing conversation with an orthopedic
surgeon it was like oh you know is
probably this or that it's you can fix
it but then it then it got worse and
worse and worse and I finally go down to
a doctor to do all the scans and shit
it's like you know you have some
arthritis you could probably solve the
problem with some physical therapy
there's like a band that runs down from
your hip and I think that's like flaring
up and that's why the pain bounces
around and
wasn't to later two days later that pain
was gone I said to Yanis I'm like man I
feel like psychologically frail I feel
there's a very I was like I feel it
there's a very thin membrane that
separates my brain from my body hmm and
Jana said there is no membrane that
separates your brain from your body and
I I can't rule out now that um
I can't rule out now that I'm like
mentally pretty weak because the minute
someone told me there's not actually a
problem where I need to get a surgery
like III like I I'd now try to feel the
pain but I can't find it so it is a
little corresponding like hiking or
anything that has contributed to it we
weren't doing it once it felt better
well one day in the spring me my body
Pete Munich went out looking for
blackberries during black bear season
and this is when I was really like
thought I had a knee problem and we went
out and we didn't hike a long ways we
hiked maybe six miles and um and I came
back and noticed but it's real mucky you
know you're walking and your feet keep
sticking in the market way and then your
feet build up a layer mark on your boot
bottom and then it comes off and then
you're walking cockeyed because your
other boot hasn't shed its boot mud
layer yeah we had one of those walks and
after that walk the pain went away for
two days but yeah man I don't know fear
being old and shit that's real my
eyesight's going bad mine too I see you
wearing those Lord glass and I saw a
minute ago you didn't have me you
couldn't bear to look at your phone no I
can read that you had you had to like
hold it unusually far away I felt was I
reading like you that like like that I
can read now you read that that's not a
problem now you had a thing you tipped
your head up and tipped your eyes down
and held it far away I felt I do do that
I do do that sometimes but mostly with
my phone that's not an issue like I
could read emails and shit the real the
real problem is laptops like a laptop
but with small text or reading that like
that piece of paper in front of you
that's fucked like if I had to read that
I mean I could do it but I
to do this talking monkey incorporated
podcast called the drone yeah
Jules really might release yeah it's uh
it's just reality you know your body
starts to deteriorate there's nothing he
can do about it yeah yeah music as like
all this like journey of life shit right
yeah but he's all into like weird
Yanis isn't too strange stuff like he
thinks you can kind of like you can kind
of like not address thing manifest yeah
he just believes that he believes I
don't want to put words in his mouth but
I feel that uh this is the this is a
long debate we have about psychological
states I feel that you can have
pessimistic thoughts but as long as you
behave like an optimist you'll you'll
get the same outcome meaning let's say
you go hunting and you have feelings
that like it's never gonna work out
we're never gonna get one but you do
everything right it doesn't matter
what's in your head because your actions
are such the only thing he doesn't like
to entertain the negativity he doesn't
like to entertain the negativity cuz he
feels that but I'm like but what does it
matter if we still hunt hard what does
it matter if I feel like it won't work
as long as we hunt hard it doesn't
matter and I think that he feels he
would argue that that mental state
affects outcomes and so he applies this
to all the aspects of his life having a
sense of positivity I think there's a
benefit to having a sense of positivity
in the sense that you're gonna enjoy the
experience more if you're always walking
around pessimistic and then things
happen that are good you know like wow
look at that
alright well tomorrow's gonna suck that
was a fluke where is if you just
appreciating the fact that hey Here I am
living in America you know I'm healthy I
don't have cancer
like could be so many things worse that
are wrong with me I could have been born
with weird birth defects I could have
been bored and you know El Salvador with
no feet I could have been you know
living in some fucking drug ravaged
community I'm like
this extremely unbelievably lucky like
if you had given the opportunity to be
Steve Rinella if you were some guy who
was living in some terrible third-world
country with you know awful drug cartel
violence all around you like would you
would you give to be like a regular guy
living in Bozeman Montana in a beautiful
place and have a healthy happy family
and a great way to make a living like
what I gonna do yeah what do I have you
given me you're giving me patriotic
stirrings which I'm inclined to I'm
inclined to it that's why I got an
American flag back there dude yeah be
like oh I can have a TV show I can start
a business yes just have children I
don't think most country to go see they
go to like great school yes for free
insanely for down the road yes yes yeah
I mean there's not a lot of places like
that anymore because people have find
those places and fuck them up and
overpopulated them but there's a few of
them left you just got to deal with
extreme weather the extreme weather is
the barrier for pussies it keeps them
out you think so yeah the fucking
Montana it's hard that's why we just
tried to buy a Greenland yes you see his
fucking post where he said I promise not
to do this and he showed a picture of
Greenland with a giant Trump Tower I
looked at this guy's funny
he might be an asshole people might hate
them they might might be a problem as a
president bla bla bla bla bla you can't
deny that occasionally he is fucking
hilarious no it is funny and I think
that people try there's certain people
that try hard to not see the humor in it
yes I've retweeted it I was like get on
with your bad self mr. Trump oh look I
don't read my my Twitter posts I'm sure
a bunch of people got mad at me for that
but I don't read it I just post and
forget it I just get out of Dodge I just
leave little packages and I get the fuck
out of that it was fine about that
picture that I found myself
zooming in trying to see what those
people in those houses had going on oh
no these guys look like they probably
hunt well green that has so much natural
resources and it's also probably a place
it's gonna be an awesome spot to live in
a hundred years when the fucking rest
the world's on fire maybe
wind up there man yeah well muskox we
were talking about that yesterday muskox
Jamie pulled up a thing a statistic on
MUC socks muskox that the success rate
for bow hunting is 100% in some units
yeah in Greenland
oh okay 100 percent in Greenland because
you know they huddle you know they
huddle up to protect themselves against
wolves so they just stay in a spot when
they see a threat which is great for
wolves but not so good for projectiles
yeah and I've hunted them before you
know apparently they're delicious
Brendan Byrne said that they taste like
the best Kobe beef yeah so it's really
it's tough but good and marbled yeah you
know it's funny is the WoW I mean tough
like yeah tougher but what's funny about
um I I drew it permit like in Alaska the
way they so try to find another way to
approach this any American speaking of
America land of opportunity any American
can apply for a permit to hunt for musk
ox in Alaska and what units are
available to you if you're not an Alaska
resident very and and I believe right
now the only area that you can apply for
a permit as a non-resident might be
Nunavik Island and I drew a permit to
hunt on to hunt musk ox on Nunivak
Island I saw that episode yeah and hunt
and then there the to pick Eskimo and a
bunch people oh you can't say Eskimo but
it was funny because I asked a to pick
man who I was staying with I'm like you
know I feel like I'm always told not to
use Eskimo and he said what the hell
else would you call me so I'm gonna say
and and in in deference to what this man
prefers to be called he's chupa casting
explaining I'm Kubek Eskimo I'm not
something else
I think the Canadian folks you know to
be referred to as Inuit indication the
High Arctic yeah but then but I think
it's created a lot of confusion yeah but
there's just interesting that on this on
this this
stern Alaska coast along the Bering Sea
he a to pick man was telling me that
that is what he prefers to be referred
to as chupa custom oh yeah but the way
that we you know like we you know people
consume wild game or talk about me cries
like went when rating meets we tend to
talk about tenderness or not tenderness
right it was tough it was tender oh stop
it was tender tender being good tough
being bad I mean you've been involved in
a hundred of these conversations he like
this tubing males like we prefer it to
be tough you know that tendon that like
if you look at the spine of an animal
the vertebra above its shoulder will
have like a what's called a thoracic
belong or thoracic process like that
blade that comes up there's a tendon
that runs from the top of those thoracic
processes out to the neck and it allows
like big animals it's really exaggerated
on moose vice and muskox where it's like
the size of your wrist this giant tendon
that's moored to the top of those
thoracic processes it allows this thing
like to hang its head which I mean the
head is 80 pounds or whatever and it
hangs off there they like that thing
well real chewy meat and they even would
hook that they would cook the muskox
they would basically like boil them they
would take the tough parts of the muskox
and almost like purposefully make it
more tough but kind of like boiled like
flash boiling it and they would talk
about like this cuts good it's tough not
we're so tender why do they like that
did they despite a varied preference as
well that's weird
but I liked it quite a bit man what was
funny is I gave a bunch of muskox to a
Guatemalan woman in Seattle that we knew
and I gave a bunch of muskox to her and
she made me a bunch of tamales so I had
Guatemalan style tamales with Moscow
with musk ox and we made a deal where I
gave her a bunch I said you can keep
half of what
I give you like make tamales and get me
half the tamales
so he struck a deal I had a freezer full
of freaking tamales like rhabdo nice but
uh and I would laugh about that that you
know my kids would have Muscat
sandwiches or muskox tamales and he'd go
down to school with oh that's hilarious
that was great my kids like freak out
other kids at school you know like like
kids at my kids school be like what's
your favorite food my daughter like I
like bear thinks it's hilarious that
she's eating bear you know she she likes
to tell people bear sausage it's my
favorite and the other kids like what
the fuck you know kids that have never
experienced any wild game and my kids
have eaten you know since 2012 when I
started hunting they've basically eaten
everything they've eaten elk they've
eaten deer they've eaten ducks they've
eaten wild turkey they've eaten
everything what's there how are they
viewed in their community
like how are you viewed in that that
like school parent community I don't
know it's hard to tell because do you go
to the event yes I got to go to one
today yeah I'm a weirdo for sure but you
ostracize friendly no I'm really
friendly so like most of its all hugs
you know like the parent like I'm a nice
guy so when I see those folks it's all
like friendly and hugs but some guys
will pull me aside and asked me about
manly activities because they feel like
how'd you you're you actually allowed to
be a man and you're everyone's neutered
you know like so many guys are their
wives are yelling at them and I'm off
doing cage fighting events you know and
where were you last week I was bow
hunting and I was in the mountains with
no cell service and so they might be
inclined to be like oh I don't like that
for like middle America rednecks but
it's okay for you well they know me
right now they don't that the
preconceived notion and they know I'm a
good dad you know I'm very active and
I'm constantly around my kids and I take
it very seriously and it means the world
to me
so like parents one of the moment the
most important things that I find is
good parents respect good pair
they see that you love your children
that's the interesting point yeah I mean
if you find someone who's like a
dismissive parent and is not interested
a disinterested parent it's like one of
the most disturbing and disappointing
things if you love someone you care
about them and then you find out they're
a bad person or a bad parent you have to
reevaluate your perspective on them
because to me being a parent and my wife
is huge on this it's like it's
everything to her she will not talk to
someone or hang out with someone if you
feel like they're a bad parent and she
forms her relationships with their
friends based on whether or not they're
good parents it's it's everything yeah
if you're you know you're contributing
to this community so when I'm around
these parents you know I'm a nice guy so
it's all friendly but they all have
questions all these poor men that are
stuck in cubicle jobs you know men men
are tortured you know it's like that who
was it the RO yeah most men live lives
of quiet desperation yeah it's one of my
favorite including Thoreau well he knew
what he was talking about you know it's
uh it's these most people are just
living this boring-ass fucking life and
I'm living this life where I'm telling
jokes in front of thousands of people
and then I'm doing podcasts in front of
millions of people and then I'm hunting
I'm gonna then occasionally I go off and
do cage fighting commentary it's like a
caricature of masculinity really yeah
people get confused well it is when I
smoke pot so it's like what's going on
here one of the things one of the early
things that surprised me about you is
man I don't want to use that words don't
want to be insulting one of the things
that that's more yeah one of these is
surprising about you but it's something
that sounds like asshole issue is how
serious you take being a parent because
I think that someone could look like
someone could someone could add a glance
look like oh you know discussion of
drugs and like dirty humor and sort of
go like those are not congruous with
parenting but you take soup you pay do
you take parenting like extremely
seriously well but you know I don't
think you either you're not like you
know you're not so concerned with
people understanding a full package you
need to spend shit loads of time telling
everybody about how good of a parent you
are yeah I'm not interested in that I'm
interested in love you know and as a kid
who grew up with sort of a deficit of it
and it's very important for me to spread
as much of it as I can whether it's
through my friends or through children
and to children it's like the most
important responsibility because my
friends would they're fine
I met them they're grown up still figure
it out on their own you know I'll help
them when I can but but kids you know
it's like you get one shot at that you
get one shot at raising kids man you
know it's not you can't redo it you
can't go this one sucks let me rip it up
and start from scratch like you have to
do it right and you have to and you're
gonna make mistakes for sure but you
have to spend as much conscious time
talking to them and interacting with
them and really you know I like it I
enjoy it one of the things that you get
afraid of about damaging your children
is that you would leave a legacy of
damage yes like you can have I have all
kinds of things that I did in my life in
ways I treated people and I could say
here name names right like things I did
the people that were very unfortunate I
wish I hadn't done it someday maybe I'll
call them and apologize but if you when
you damage your kid man
man yeah you're setting you're like
creating a string of decades yeah you
know and decades of describes that they
will do the same to their kids and it's
also it sort of reflects how selfless
selfish or selfless you are you know
whether you do a good job or a shitty
job you know I've unfortunately I have
some friends that are not that good at
it and you know comics in particular
there was a I wanna say any names but
there's a guy who was friends with the
son of a famous comedian let me track
that from and uh a guy who I know who
grew up with the son oh yeah sometimes I
get confused people talk about like my
cousins
brothers only I know I'm with you and he
was telling me that his dad was a piece
of shit and he hated him oh my god damn
it dad's one of my heroes yeah when you
talk to the actual son of the man and
he's like yeah my dad it's a piece of
shit
I don't like fuck like I don't know what
to do with that you know like what do I
say that I mean his art is amazing is
what he did to the world I mean but he
what he didn't do was take care of his
own backyard
what he didn't do is take care of his
own children I find that that creates
some difficult because there's some
writers not some I mean so many of them
writers musicians actors who have
blessed the world with what they've put
out but then you look at the destruction
they sold in their immediate vicinity
you know and you want to be like well do
you condemn it or are you just thankful
that or is that like collateral damage
unavoidable khalad collateral damage in
order to have the things that to have
the things that we appreciate yeah
well there's also I'd you kind of
followed I'm saying 100% well Hendricks
you know I mean this pod this podcast
was called the Joe Rogan experience
because I stole it from Hendrix oh
really
yeah that's friends just thinking about
that earlier when I was sitting in your
your uh in the back room there and had
that I was just looking at the
experience wondering about where that
came from
yeah Jimi Hendrix Experience yeah it's
100% stole it from Henry's and then I
read that he beat his girlfriend's
really yeah I was like what is that real
well I don't want to think Hendrix even
got mad I want to think he's that dude
who put the bandana on and just played
voodoo child yeah when I worked with
Phil Hartman when Phil Hartman was a kid
he was like 17 or 18 Hendrix played at
whiskey and he was there as like a
roadie and his job was to keep the amp
the speakers from falling over you know
so he stood there on the stage and
Hendrix was right there playing guitar
in front of him yeah and the way he
described is like his eyes were alight
he was like describe I was like he was
right there it was right there and he's
playing
you know there's been I grew up but just
a giant Hendrix fan like a giant fan Led
Zeppelin Hendrix The Doors like it's all
classic rock when I was a kid you know
no suburban Boston neighborhood type
shit you draw up Van Halen on your
fucking notebook see DZ logos you know
it's like that's that's how I grew up
you know so I was trying to figure out a
name for this podcast I was like man who
the fuck is affected me more in terms of
motivation than Hendrix said listen to
his music when I worked out
I listened to his music oh that's great
driving to gigs you know and plus he
just seemed like so different you know
just such a crazy anomaly and pop
culture this african-american dude is
like the greatest guitarists of all time
you have all these rock guys and one of
the things that Eric Clapton in said
like he thought he knew how to play
guitar that he saw Jimi Hendrix he was
like what the fuzzy did wing like what
am i doing
he was just so out there he was so out
there he was so different you know just
a freak just an anomaly it's like
hunting the Remy Warren I'm glad you
guys got him doing a podcast it's great
I love it yeah yeah Hendrix I always
point out people that how I grew up my
dad discovered that I have was left I
down I'm a dominant and uh all the
hand-me-down shift guns are ours
right-handed but I had to relearn how to
shoot everything left-handed so now I
talked about how I was like Hendrix
where I had to shoot left-handed with
right-handed guns
well I shot my first year with your gun
it's a left-handed gun your rifle
knock it on the wrong side remember No
yeah it's out there man the deers here
yeah yeah we're lost this position of
prominence to this this is not a table
yeah hey did you did you see I don't
want to change the subject but do you
want did you see the video I sang you
which one of the shark tag and the dude
the Instagram video yeah yeah
crazy yeah which one that's one of the
things I get so many of those goddamn
things sent to me no I thought you'd
appreciate it I'm sure of a guy gonna I
don't know what kind of shark it is I'll
send it to Jamie
what kind of shark is it you know no I
think it's a bull shark baby I'm not
sure oh yeah here it is
I was almost dinner he says yeah air
share - oh that was yeah dude
it's terrible I'm terrified of sharks
did you guys yeah I thought you'd
appreciate it yeah because the where the
the the the the mental presence of that
guy mhm yeah he kept together yeah just
to like he's getting attacked by a shark
and puts not only things to put its
spear gun in its mouth hear this right
go pull the trigger
boom suck it bitch
yeah I mean look that thing was coming
in hot that's amazing and got some sharp
thinking and he's attached to this
fucking shark now right yeah but he
stones it yeah oh yeah it's dead that's
hilarious yeah fuck sharks I wish there
was more of them so you could say fuck
sharks and not worry about it yeah now
you can't this funny man like you were
talking about sharks you hear about guys
the fish the Gulf Coast in Florida and
shit and you got to be very careful cuz
I pull the shark up on the beach people
will get pissed oh yeah and they'll get
pissed that you're fishing sharks
because of lures sharks in oh so it's a
double whammy yeah sharks have kind of
entered like they've almost gotten like
um they've climbed the they've sort of
moved in how we view wildlife they made
the jump they're out there with
elephants yes yes they like almost it's
great news for species man if I was a
different species and I was trying to
like make my plan my three-year plan I'd
be like I want to move elevate my
species up to I want to look at like
what the Sharks done and get there
because that shit that's for safety like
right like if you were an entertainer
and you wanted to get to I want to get
to where Kanye is like if you were an
animal I want to get to with a shark
yeah like if I was a possum yeah
if I was a possum I'd get with other
possums and I'd be like what does it
take to get to what an elephant enjoys I
was discussing with my kids right now
people are that people don't consider
possums now they're like hitting with a
car like oh it's just a greener just
keep moving yeah I was talking to my
kids last night about racism in the
insect world and that uh we were hanging
out outside and my youngest daughter
goes as a roach oh it's a cricket and
turns her back on this thing like has no
concern at all she goes from beat its
cricket I mean and just turns her back
same size like you know saying prospect
danger was none it's just wandering
around she thought it was a roach she
was terrified and then it was a cricket
I find crickets in my house all the time
I capture them I'm gonna let him go yeah
I bring them outside of let them go so
we do this you know this cricket is
hanging out behind my daughter and then
my dog comes over and just fucking
scoops it up and eats it I'm like why
the fuck you eat in a cricketer
he's like laugh and smile and he thinks
it's hilarious like fuck man he's ate a
cricket yeah we are the racism of
species or whatever is that you know we
still have a rat infestation Jamie right
here is a dog gonna eat that bird oh wow
that was like halo Fred and Jamie's one
of the better internet thing finders
he's the best he's got a gold money call
that it's like a fine internet finding
have you seen that cat yeah I've seen
that cat somebody sent me that that's a
mouse kill yeah he's rippled that cat
looks like he's been running mountains
he's been taken down smell
yeah he's ripped you know you had was it
your podcast but I mean I know you had
ELQ 101 what is his name Noah Corey
Jacobson no Jason Phelps oh that's right
that's right
all right different guy Phelps game
calls right I love that guy dude
yeah great podcast dude well he's a good
he's a good guy don't ever had Cory
Jacobson on no no sir never met him I'd
like to have him Adam I liked you too
Phelps yeah like one just as an isolated
specimen okay like a like no context
nothing if he's like medam because
whatever you like wanted trying to park
at the airport and you're trying to find
a spot and he's pulling out hey you
pulling out like you'd like him in that
context he was just seem like a good
dude but kind of his business it's kind
of when I see him
in his company because the thing that
always pops in my head was uh that's his
term like like a like American elbow
grease yeah I do
let's tell people what he does he makes
elk call yeah he makes get a wide
variety game calls but he's acting like
he's like very much specialized in L
calls was like group and a logging
family you know in like a logging area
in that industry at this particular time
is it'll look a little bit in the autumn
of its of its life expectancy in there
we grew up that's kind of his background
I just do like interested in something
good at something every time I really
like being in America you know the
benefits of being an American yeah
not that we have a monopoly on but we
have a lot of it just like great
benefits and this dude just like starts
making game Falls and like with his mom
and his wife like builds businessman and
is a good dude he you know is it's
called blowing a game call right so he
sends me his t-shirts as I blow Phelps
and my wife was like throw it out I was
like no you never get aware of like it
doesn't matter
it stays he's a nice guy like you know
when you already sit like someone's a
nice is like yeah always a nice guy like
I don't know I value that that means
like such a good
dude I lose a lot of respect for people
when they're really good at what they do
but they're not nice it's like I get it
you had to figure out how to be good at
what you did and what was sacrificed his
community your sake if you sacrifice
friendliness that's not necessary
yeah it's not necessary it's it's a
weakness I really believe that you know
and it's it's common to common weakness
like the thinking of yourself before
others the problem is it's goal-oriented
right you're all what you're worried
about achieving success or achieving a
certain position or a goal but the
problem is when you get to that goal
you're gonna be fucking - you're gonna
be depressed you're gonna be sad because
you know how many friends your way to
the top you know it's like you can't you
can't you have to see the the trees you
got to see everything you got to see the
whole forest you can't just keep your
eye on the prize because you fuck over
people and push them aside on the way
and eventually getting it but you have
to fuck over some people and I mean fuck
them over but tell them to fuck off like
there's some people that will get in
your way people that are selfish that
would trip you up because you'll wind up
being completely absorbed in their own
problems and you're like hey you're not
dealing with your own problems you've
made me the curator of your problems
sometimes you have to like know when to
cut people loose but you also have to
like I know I know that you're big on
this - you're you're big on tribe like
you have like those guys that you travel
with you do shows with it's like a tribe
of you like yeah
a community and it's very important I
respect that I think that's very that's
huge so that's a but it's the thing I've
learned from my interactions with you
and a thing I've seen is you don't you
don't parade it around and you don't
talk about too much but you do talk
about that there are some things where
you just you put up some firewalls in
your life and the people that you're
around and I have heard you refer to at
times that that something got to someone
was maybe like too damaging and
referring to people that it wasn't even
like you were condemning them or thought
they were bad but you just referred to
like times you've had like just sort of
protect what you had and what what you
care about and just make some things not
part of your life anymore you
yeah you have to do that sometimes yeah
you have to you have to realize that
there's some people that are not looking
out for themselves some people don't
make that jump well and they keep that
around yeah they keep that that
influence around because it because of
maybe like misplaced loyalties yes I've
noticed you bring that up a handful of
times we were like something just got to
be where you had to like build you just
you had to be like you I love you
respect you would ever buy just gotta
protect these other things well some
people get some completely self-absorbed
and they burn everything around them
because they're only thinking about
themselves and even if you love them and
care them or appreciate what they're
doing like some people are amazing at
certain thing like you know we're
talking about Hendrix
I mean if Hendrix did beat his wife I
don't know if that's true or beat his
girlfriend's you know but it's like some
people are so good at what they do that
like that's all they're thinking about
and they didn't develop these
interpersonal skills or relationship
skills or you know whatever it's you
know they didn't develop a sense of
nuance in terms of their perspective of
the world or a sense of introspective
thinking whether they're looking at
themselves and being objective about how
they interface with the people around
them and in life those people that are
just like wholly focused on the south
especially pure narcissists which you
run into a lot of them in show business
and some of them it's not their fault
you know you talk to me if you believe
in determinism you know and you believe
that they're a product of all the things
that have happened to them and then you
run down the list of all the things that
have happened to them it's fucking
bone-chilling I mean so many people that
I know particularly in show business are
there because of just a giant hole they
developed in their self-esteem and
there's who they are as a child they
didn't get enough love they got too much
abuse and hate and bullying and all
these varying factors that made them
push so hard to achieve success to let
everybody know hey I am special hey I am
something you were all wrong and then
the but along the way they they burn
everything around them yeah and it's I
don't I don't you know I mean I don't
want to it's it's possible to get there
without that that's what I want to say
it's like it's possible to get there
without being a piece of shit
and some people think you have to be a
piece of shit to be successful you don't
don't have to I think some people get to
where remember earlier I mentioned like
the collateral damage yeah I some people
think have you could develop such an
inflated sense of what you're bringing
to the world that you it's you
personally come to accept the idea that
there is a price to pay
yeah that price being other people yeah
yeah that's a problem but then again if
you don't have certain standards than
other people to chew up all your time
and their problems become your problems
and they don't even thinking about their
problems they're thinking about you
thinking about their problems I mean
there's many people that pawn off their
problems on other folks and they think
that if you're a good friend you're
helping me like you're not a good friend
you're not taking care of me you're not
helping me like you're helping yourself
yeah the fuck are you doing for yourself
like this is a trap that a lot of people
get stuck into it's codependency it
happens in a lot of relationships
there's a lot of people that get
involved in relationships boy and girl
that they find that the person who is
their their soulmate is also the source
of all their fucking problems and
they're the curator of this person's
life they're they're supposed to be like
helping this person along because this
person is like deem them the person
who's most important to them and it's
like you know you got to find you got to
find out what you know what is the
what's the boundary where you won't
cross or you don't realize like someone
is becoming an impediment to your own
happiness and success
it's amazing the degree to which people
deep down do care about what someone is
quote like you know mm-hmm where I find
that because I've been on your show a
number of times people are curious about
you and people will often ask me you
know what's wrong and really like but
they know they know that they know what
answer they want to hear bad people
would love a story okay you think us I'm
like Oprah Winfrey I've found that
people love a story about how bad like
people are gonna eat up a story that
she's awful yeah yeah sure like people
want a story about some of you bad but
what's funny
what you've done and how you've done it
is that and this happens quite often
where people are like they're like he's
a good guy right like they wanted to
know like they feel like you are and
they want to have it confirmed not that
they're like oh yeah tell me the story
about him being bad like the away with a
lot of people if someone has a really
bad story about Oprah I'm like oh I'm
all yours course why well well I think
first of all because Oprah is enormous
ly successful like it in some sort of
preposterous way yeah what's a billion
dollars were just talking she can't
saying she can't dance
she's not in good shape was she doing
just talking she's got a billion dollars
fuck her
I hope she's I hope she's a meanie I
hope she's doing terrible day yeah you
know there's a thing about that it's
like you want to find oh she got that
way because she's fucking people over
yeah I heard she beats her assistant
Archy I mean she sisters have a it makes
sense of the world so Wow in some ways
like you want to think that someone
who's achieved that ridiculous level of
success is mean I got passed by Oprah
Oprah has a house in Montecito I passed
by the house like that is a ridiculous
house for a person it's like a giant
lawn 50 million dollar house a fucking
huge estate it's a castle she's a queen
you know you don't want that like fuck
her you know my house is 250 grand why
is what the fuck is she doing with that
50 and that's not even how she lives in
she just visits that like once a year
takes a shit there has someone cooked
for takes a nap gets up and stirs an
animal stirs and animosity yeah well you
know preposterous success breeds
animosity and that lady's got a lot of
preposterous success you know certain
people you meet them you want him to sit
like dr. Phil like he's a similar thing
I would be receptive to a bad dr. Phil
I'm sorry he's great dr. Phil is fuckin
great my friend Jay is dr. Phil's son I
became friends with dr. Phil through
another guy through another guy because
my friend Ron White my friend Ron White
is a good buddy minds when the best
comedians on earth is good friends with
Jay McGraw who's dr. Phil
son so I became friends with Jay before
I became friends with dr. Phil then I
had dr. Phil on the podcast dr. Phil's
the fucking nicest guy ever he's a
regular guy like you hang out and talk
to him he's got a ridiculous amount of
success but he's hilarious he's like a
regular dude yeah before we started we
talked about how we're both pro-marriage
yes we root for marriages right but with
kids yeah
but marry oh yeah yeah yeah when there's
no kids involved I still root for him
yeah do you know I root for marriages I
I root for happiness and sometimes
happiness means divorce no I root well
I'm able to make the switch by even root
for mayor I just root for marriages no
that's it well because you I know why
because you grew up in a fucked up sort
of situation where it didn't you know
you grew up with broken promises and
divorces and separating and that kind of
shit a lot of that had happened yeah
yeah yeah there was stuff that had
happened well for chill not for me but
it was there was like it was around
right it was in it was in our family
history for sure yeah
not mine too yeah I moved for happiness
sometimes happiness means someone
getting the fuck away from somebody you
know my favorite story about people
being a good guy mo I mentioned mo found
earlier he's been on the show so I feel
like I can mention him um
assuming that your listeners like have
this like amazing capacity for attention
do but so moles me on the show and mo
found talks about dude this is like a
third this is like a fifth hand story
but mo fans body meets the guy that used
to be like who is the dude in the Nerds
movie who like nerds oh yeah oh girl
yeah okay check this out wow so
efference Mo's buddy meets the dude who
was older in the Nerds
and nerds not Thunder it's nerd so I all
man so and the guy that doesn't want to
bring it up but he can't help himself
bring it up he's like you know I loved
you and nerds
[Music]
so the guy goes into this big thing like
he's like do you have any idea what it
would be like to have like your whole
life defined by some role you did long
ago and I'm a thespian and I do theater
now and you people that bring this up
all the time
Oh nerds you know and he does it like he
like is cool with right right and rolls
into it and the dudes relief the he
enabled him to like have that
recollection mmm you know he was always
like yeah okay people gonna look and
when I hear that now if I see that guy
I'm like that guy must be a cool guy
right because he doesn't take himself
too seriously
yeah cuz he could roll with it yeah
there he is nerds
what do Pro Wrestling or something
branch of the Nerds policy movie yeah
yeah it mean looks like a guy that you
would cast in a row or a role where he'd
be mean to nerds yeah some people take
themselves fucking super seriously like
that's one of the best things about my
careers like I will for always be
forever always be the fear factor guy
like that's true ah that's definitely
true with some folks really yeah you
watch it it's on TV I mean it's not
understand if I don't know that I don't
know that that's really the case with
you I feel like that you might have a
wrong impression of your legacy
nah it's in there it's definitely in
there in there but it's not it maybe
it's not there but if anybody wanted
like poke fun at me that's always there
and I would welcome it like nothing's
right I don't think that well prevent me
from taking my selves myself and my you
know I want to pretend I'm some sort of
moody artist that has always followed
the path of creativity and artistic
expression
no.not hoard myself out for like six
years I think it's in your head but I'm
think it's in people's head maybe yeah I
don't know it's in some people's head I
can remember the first place I hear you
know what you know it helps substantiate
what you're telling me I know where I
was sitting the first time I ever heard
your name
know who I was talking to and
unfortunately I don't like to admit this
this is a long time ago
unfortunately the point of contact when
I was like oh you're right
Fear Factor yeah yeah I mean fucking
millions of people saw that goddamn
thing I need to tell you too that that
was the first conversation when I ever
heard the word podcast really I know
where I was sitting I was talking to
Helen Cho who you know oh yeah I heard
the word Joe Rogan in the word podcast
and had no idea what either those things
were that's before you came on dude yeah
I'm talking long time 2012 people did
yeah yeah I'm not like I'm not I mean I
have I don't want to say I'm a finger on
the pulse I'm now like a Luddite well
that was when I heard the word the
podcast was only three years old back
then when you first came on now it's ten
years old that crate is longer growing
that it was 2012 okay cuz that's when we
went hunting
maybe 2011 and went hunting in 2012 yeah
yeah so it was probably two years old
the podcast was two years old and she
said for your fact I'm like oh the world
the world of podcasting man there was a
funny variety article that was just
written that Conan O'Brien is blazing a
trail in the world of podcasting and you
know just got just openly shit on by the
entire world who read that like what are
you talking about like no one's even
like his podcast gets like a hundred
thousand downloads or something and in
comparison like Marc Maron or Adam
Carolla all these people have been doing
it for ever and ever
but it's uh it's still to this day like
this sort of in mainstream views and
mainstream eyes it's like just starting
to gained recognition when some people
like Corolla has been doing podcasts for
ten years I think Maron has been doing
it longer than me I've been doing it for
ten years
it's meirin's probably ten eleven years
in you know it's a it's a weird world
and how many years you guys been doing
it now five yeah five years in yeah I
listen to your goddamn podcast every
week I get it on Monday Monday's weeks
are they yes I see man I really enjoy
doing it and I've tried to point out
I've tried to point out that
yeah if it was the view I hadn't I
wouldn't have gone into it well you were
really good as a guest and I was like
man this guy has so much unusual
knowledge in his head and you're so good
at articulating thoughts and you have a
background in journalism you're you're
so eloquent like why wouldn't you do it
I'm like it's so eat and there's like
this market for for people that enjoy
hunting and enjoy the outdoors there's
you know there's I don't mean any
disrespect anybody who's making podcasts
do your best but there's a lot of clunky
poorly articulated thoughts that are
being put out in podcast form and my
thought was like this is so but the word
spiritual is a very weird word right
because it's been sort of co-opted by
assholes but there's this has it yeah
sometime la for sure there's a lot of
beware oh and I'm with you you know but
there's a spiritual aspect to hunting
it's real you know and one of the things
that I really appreciate about you is
like this idea like no shooting collared
deer speaks to it it's like there's
there's something about this that's not
just about shooting an animal and eating
it it's about the difficult of
difficulty of their pursuit what it
means and what you're getting out of it
as a human being and then also the
recognition of what you're eating then
when you're eating this animal that this
is this is a wild beautiful creature
that you respect and that there's a
certain amount of like there's a certain
amount of a feeling of loss and sadness
when that animal dies and this is this
is recognizing this is real
and it's hard for people to articulate
that and I think it's very important
that there's people like you out there
that are articulating this and then the
people can digest this in a podcast form
and get it over and over again and they
also get because you always do these big
groups of people they get a sense of
camaraderie too and where people are
talking
also like an a pride of hard work you
know there's a pride that comes through
that which i think is very contagious
like
this the feeling of appreciating and
respecting hard work and like you would
the way that you were talking about
Jason Phelps you know it's like that
kind of a that appreciation for
ingenuity and hard work and it's very
important for people it's very important
for people to hear it gives you
something that I don't in in terms of
like outdoor like the outdoor world like
whether it's hunting and fishing and
just appreciation for wildlife it's not
publicly articulated on a broad scale
you know when you referred to the
camaraderie which is super important to
me when I thought about making a show
you know I always had a lot in this when
I thought about making a podcast you
know it always had a lot of nostalgia
for was um Howard Stern in the mid 90s
yeah I don't know what it shows like now
remember that era when it was on and he
made me still be on there like he'd have
all these dudes around that were kind of
like funny yeah and there's so many
people in the room you couldn't tell who
was talking it's just like people it
felt like people hanging out yeah I
liked that and I liked um fresh air but
Terry girl sure I was like dude you
should do a combo of Howard Stern and
Terry Gross yeah the thing I thought
about but the camaraderie absolutely one
of the one of the things I'd like to see
a Molson people write in and they feel
like they feel like I said like people
sitting around shooting the shit yeah
which you know it's a very controlled
shooting of the shit sure has to be it's
controlled but that's why I personally
use important like there has to be one
person that sort of like aware that
we're all shooting the shit but sort of
like gently guiding it you know Opie and
Anthony was the same thing for me mm-hmm
when I started doing Opie and Anthony in
like the early 2000s I I realized like
wow this is crazy people don't people
that weren't fans of it back then it
doesn't exist anymore unfortunately it
was an amazing hangout for comedians we
would all go there and I would I would
show up and ricky gervais to be there
and Jim Norton there and all these guys
would be there louis c.k be there bill
bird me there we just be talking shit
and Ari Shaffir we'd all be just
laughing and chiming in and even though
it's six o'clock in the morning like he
went and did it man you had a cup of
coffee he showed up but everybody's
happy to see you and it was a hang and
it was a really loosely structured hang
that they put together and that inspired
me to kind of do my podcast in a similar
way I don't know how comfortable you are
pulling back the curtain or showing like
how the sausage gets made but um I
started something recently about you and
sort of how you do your deal I was like
if you if you imagine this make you
uncomfortable
no okay if you imagine it someone I
don't want this to seem like at all
negative
if someone read a transcript of your of
what you asked you wouldn't be like oh
my god but you bring out things and the
people that you interview I like to
listen to your show and you get
something from people that people don't
get did you get it on purpose like I
don't know what I'm getting I'm trying
my best you are yeah some try my best to
relate to my you at you like you know
what I'm gonna do you ever say to
yourself you don't know how to do
different no I don't that's the the
beauty of it all there's not that much
thinking I mean I do think with some
people like there's certain people like
Cornel West I read his book before he
came on I really wanted to be prepared
because he's such a brilliant guy yeah
same thing with like Sean Carroll like
scientists you know anyone who's like
you got your paying respect to the the
complexity of their ideas yes and like
if someone like like Richard Dawkins
we're talking about doing a podcast soon
if I if I have him on I will devour his
material yeah like a week or two
beforehand I will read his book so
listen the recordings and conversations
and debates that he's had and already
I'm a big fan of the guy so I'll get a
good understanding of like where I'm at
when we lead into the conversation but
then I won't have an agenda I
just like let the conversation flow and
if there's a moment in time where I want
to ask him like you said this thing
about Islam once like what did you what
do you mean do you mean this in terms of
like a general understanding of the
religion itself what about the
individuals that are just trying to be
good people that are born into this
environment and this sort of you know I
will I will have some places to go to if
we get stuck and some things that I will
but I won't I won't force those things
in yeah but I think it's Seconal I mean
without with the risk of sounding
pretentious I think that podcasting is
in a weird way in art form and the art
is in like the people listening like I
know sometimes I talk over people or
interject too much I disagree it happens
it happens it just happens there's no
way you can have a perfect conversation
because I don't know when the person's
gonna stop talking and or I don't want
to lose a thought and I want to jump in
with it but I'm Way better at it now
that I was five years ago and certainly
way better at now that I was 10 years
ago and then I think that there's a an
art to the way the things you're saying
sound and how they sound to people and
there's an art to expression expressing
genuine open-mindedness and genuine
curiosity and like just a pure 'ti of
thought
there it is not there's you're not
trying to make people feel about you a
certain way you're not you're just
trying to explore ideas and there's a
there's a smoothness to the way that's
that's that's devoured by people when
people are listening the way they're
consuming it it's easy and the easier
you can make it on people listening the
more they like you so like that like if
they know they like hey that's Steve
Rinella guy he loves his kids he's a
nice guy he's his friends love him I
like that guy listen to what he says
when he talks to John Norris you know
what does john saying about this and
about that and like it it it adds to it
where is there someone who's clunky and
loud and
is fucking they're just trying to toot
their own horn and all that comes
through especially in this long-form
podcast genre it's like this is the
fucking mirror man like you with
long-form podcast you find out who the
fuck everybody is yeah that's good
that's a good point like like Bernie
Sanders like I had Bernie Sanders on
yeah so a lot of people that like the
fucking comments were insanely positive
to like I thought that guy was crazy
like I thought he was a nut I would see
him in these little interviews and Mike
he just wants give away everybody's
money like there's a picture with Bernie
with my dog and one of the fucking
hilarious comments like he just wants to
give your dog treats other dogs that's
the caricature I mean everyone has a
character right the character that guy
is he just wants to take money from
successful people and give it to lazy
people that's the worst the worst view
of Bernie Sanders you know and you get
to see instead of like this narrative
that gets established through these
little short sound bites and these panel
talk shows there's three people talking
over each other or debates or whatever
it is all those are ineffective and
what's interesting about is all those
are fueling podcasts all those things
that have so for so long been thought of
as mainstream venues for getting your
ideas out now they highlight all the
problems with those and they highlight
all the strengths of podcasts that's
encouraging yeah it's very encouraging
and remember are you Bernie Sanders man
he's a nice guy you know I I I like some
of his ideas I do not have a problem
with giving up more of my money as a
person who's made a lot of money if I
know that it's gonna benefit the greater
good of mankind
you know what squandered I don't want to
see it squandered
I don't like bureaucracy I don't like
red tape I don't like government I don't
like people that are so lazy that they
just want to take everybody's money and
then do what they will with it and take
long lunch breaks and this is the
problem with like a lot of what we think
of in terms of like government
government is filled its bloated it's
filled with assholes it's filled with
people that just got government job
and they're they're not good at it you
know they just no one else wants that
job so they take that job and they do a
shitty job with it and they squander
resources that's what drives people
crazy and especially hard-working people
that know how hard it is to make a
living you have to give you know if
you're a fucking logger you've given
away certain percentage of your money
and you're tired all these splinters in
your hands you're exhausted and some
asshole is gonna take away your money
and you know and allocate a certain
amount of it to nonsense no you know
gender research and all sorts of stupid
shit that you think is just fruitless
and it's just it's infuriating for
people for hardworking people that dirt
under their fingernails they don't want
to think about anybody squandering their
money no I'm instinctively yeah fiscally
very conservative you know not very
fiscally conservative people might look
at where I'm at and think that I'm
socially liberal but in social issues
I'm somewhat libertarian you know but I
feel that I need the right to come my
direction quite a long ways on
conservation issues but that's land
that's yeah that's instinctively where I
belong yeah but the right but I need
them to move back might numb when I say
back my direction because historically I
don't know the right unless hard to is
confusing but yeah I need them to come
my way on conservation well I'd like the
way you've described yourself in the
past that you're politically sort of
alone that you're you're you're kind of
without a party because the left ones
take your guns away and the right ones
take your land away yeah this is what we
see fiscally that what the most
disturbing aspects of right-wing
administration's is they want to sell
off public land they want to figure out
a way just a little bit just a little
bit we're just taking a little bit we're
gonna use it for mining just take a
little bit well I meant lose the salmon
river but who the fuck is painted edge
of that coming uh yeah I'm watching for
yes me too that's Ryan Callahan talked
about that with what does it call Pebble
Beach that would no pebble and Hubbell
mine yeah that mean gigantic salmon
fishery is the biggest most yeah it's a
yeah deeply on yeah I don't want to
get into hard but yeah you can get into
the weeds with this stuff but yeah it's
like there's no perfect party and
there's no perfect politician there's no
perfect ideology which pisses people off
when you point that out do we've gotten
hit hard for that kind of stuff for
pointing out to this just not you know
we as a company like a meteor we've been
like hit hard for pointing out that it's
unfortunate that someone's not speaking
for our holy for our concerns yes well
what's interesting about you guys is
people think that your is some sort of a
green Trojan horse it's just hilarious
like dude we don't really like to hunt I
love it
but it's so preposterous artists I work
with the heart is hit and I work with
the hardest-hit and hunters and
fishermen that there that there are ever
that I've ever lived you don't really
like hunting it's hilarious no it's like
some like Beltway lobbyists you don't
really like hunting oh is that right it
just shows you how silly people are
let's line them up yeah yeah come on
bring your side over here let me see
what you're doing yeah it's it shows you
how ridiculous people can be in there
their desire to like put people into a
very small easily dismissed category mmm
you know it's like this is what people
love to do you know yeah that's what you
do that drives people crazy as you defy
you're so hard to buck it I love it I
don't sit around night thinking about
you I love it
but I think we need more people like
that yeah loves most people would think
that I'm conservative that I'm a
Republican or an alt right or something
like that
I vote left on almost everything except
gun control I just don't think that
people understand what they're talking
about when they're talking about gun
control I don't think they understand
the nuances of the Second Amendment or
the nuances of taking away people's
ability to defend themselves or to hunt
or to you know to own something that may
or may not be used against someone else
but they never would use it it's you
don't have the right to tell people what
they can and can't have just because
some people abuse things it's like it is
a
a very complex conversation that people
on the Left want to boil down to guns
equal bad oh for sure it's like it's
like I don't have them and I can
understand why someone would yes
but therefore I don't know why you would
but at the same time they're you know
and we're sitting here with a drink but
the same time you look at like alcohol
and one could make a very cogent
argument about the overall
destructiveness of abused alcohol for
sure but people I don't hear a lot of
people talking about prohibition no no I
had this one drink Crenshaw I don't
drink and drive Dan Crenshaw is a
congressman is not for legalized
marijuana
nobody likes scotch so we had this weird
conversation we come on man stop and I'm
like when we're standing in front of a
ashtray filled with blunts and they said
this idea that like if you're a
marijuana smoker that's somehow another
you lazy like workout with me come get
up with me just stop just stop that
nonsense
I would like to tackle with the this
with you because I have questions about
yeah but that being lazy being a weed
smoker is it weed smoking makes me work
harder because it makes me paranoid I
don't want to be lazy I want to earn my
keep
I don't want people to everything that
I'm slacking I love it that's great
let's say I think about comedy when I
think about when I smoke pot I think
about comedy I'm like I better get to
work
that's good you get so paranoid and the
paranoia is that you don't work hard
enough 100% it's all of it all of it my
wife it's just tough my wife gets where
she thinks not that she's going to pee
her pants but that she has Peter Pan's
[Laughter]
concern marijuana ever that's a great
one I wish I only had that one that
would make it so easy to live with but
mine aids productivity my my fears aid
productivity whether it's exercise
whether it's uh
you know doing Stan stand up as a big
one cuz you don't want to suck you just
don't want to sock you don't want
anybody to pay money and have a bad time
that is the worst feeling in the history
of the world well I'm gonna go see it
tonight yes if you suck I'm gonna fuckin
be like boo I'm working hard dude
I might have all you but I've seen
people heckle you and it doesn't work
well they don't come out on top
it's not a smart move because you're
interrupting a show for your own idea
people already rooting for the guy on
stage so when people heckle you it
doesn't work out well for them
well occasionally people are rooting for
the heckler if the heckler is a good
point like sorry look people have
heckled me and said hilarious shit and
I'll laugh along with them it's like as
long as we're not filming anything
the real problem is people that want to
heckle and you're filming you know I can
feel me something like don't hackle yeah
dude you're funny but you're not funny
you'd like to mmm not for like posterity
it's alcohol it's all alcohol so like
you get a couple of drinks you ever had
some funny shit to say to and you know
my god funny one this is bald
I'm this bald man up here telling me
what's funny I know what's funny and I'm
not and sometimes people have good
points but that's the beauty of live
performances you know you live in this
world where from ready start who knows
what's gonna happen
you press start and like this thing goes
off in its own little journey and you
have this idea of what the way you're
gonna steer it and you're you bringing
up subjects and you're making people
laugh but anything can happen anything
could happen do when I saw you last I
saw you in Seattle and uh you know I
want to say this but the the people
destroyed this by saying it we laugh my
wife and I laughed so much I wish no one
that ever pointed this out because Peter
Graham is aw it hurt my stomach
I hurt my stomach I laugh so much you're
hurt I laugh so much I cried like yeah
shut up
but like we last much my stomach hurt my
stomach muscles hurt that's as good as a
person could ever get yeah that's the
best my compliment literally I had like
stomach afterward we were talking about
our stomach muscles like we're doing ab
I was like we had been doing a bunch of
crunches collies a crazy art form man
it's a crazy art form it was a butyl it
like because we're like in the mix of it
man we have three kids that are under
ten it's hard everything is hard and we
went to see you it was just like we went
to see you we watch your shit and um it
was just from you know for this like
glorious for that roundel 60 minutes 45
minutes it was we're just like two
people like Hey look fucking like having
fun that's the best really it's really
nice and laughing his stuff that we
thought what makes it especially fun and
especially cathartic because we're
laughing about stuff that we felt like
we're not supposed to laugh about yeah
but you have this moment you have this
epiphany like oh you know what though
but it is funny it's okay because you're
with 3,000 other people and everyone's
drunk you're like oh we're all on the
same page but it is funny
yeah but also like this that you can be
a good person and laugh at things and
then and ridiculous and that you
probably shouldn't be laughing at these
things are possible
no we loved it it's the art form of that
is the art form of comedy you know that
my favorite kind of comedy my favorite
comic comedies fucked up I mean I love
all kinds of comedy if somebody like is
like a Jerry Seinfeld you ever notice
like that's great to me he's an artist
he figures out a way to craft these
things you could take your kids to your
grandma but I'm a Joey Diaz fan yeah
like that kind of guy like Kennison I
like I like Pryor I like that kind of
comedy I've told you this before and
I've told you listeners this before
enough that excuse me um then I don't
mean to wrap your own show but I got to
go but uh you didn't like this one I
sigh I felt like you didn't like it when
I said it before but your comedy comes
from a position yeah I think you like I
think you didn't like this because it
sounds um you're you're modest how do
you know if I'd liked it but your body
language your comedy comes from a
position of strength so much comedy
comes from a position of self-loathing
with self-loathing funny right I can't
get it up I can't please my girlfriend
right I'm a horrible husband right
it comes from self
loathing but to have someone come at
comedy from a position of strength is
unusual because the formula is that it's
self-deprecating I'm so pathetic Brian
but to have comedy coming from an
individual who isn't mired and
self-loathing is a really fresh angle
and I feel like I brought this out to
you before and you seemed um they seem
to not dig it I probably just didn't
want to talk about myself yeah well you
didn't want to talk about comedy cuz you
come from a position that's like yeah
it's fine it's just jokes if you came
from a position of self-loathing you
would have luxury ated in the compliment
right probably like well thank you Wow
no I thought about that way I guess I'm
okay I'm okay
yeah so there's a compliment for you
it's tricky business you you got to go
you're filming some shit with Bryan
Callen yeah when are we getting together
what are we doing come on man well I
think I know why turkey hunting or was
it Alaska Turkey but I if you remember
our proposed you not long ago I was
asking you about your availability to
hunt elk in September but it kind of
petered out too I have two hunts one I
see I have that's the thing about having
kids and a family and everything like
that what I would like most is to bring
you and your family up to my fish Shack
for a few days let's do it because I
think our children let's do that our
kids are our kids like kids yeah yeah
let's do that let's do that I'm into
that my end like I said my youngest
fucking loves fishing we'll have a great
time it'll be good
Steve Rinella ladies and gentlemen meat
eater meat eater bourbon coming soon elk
shank in the house the meat eater
podcast with OJ meteor podcast
everywhere and live tours you guys are
doing live podcast everywhere which I
enjoy as well great thank you bye
everybody
[Music]